c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Blog.Controllers.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Blog.Controllers.pdb
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Blog.Repositories.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\DataModel.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Blog.Repositories.pdb
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\DataModel.pdb
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\obj\Debug\Blog.Controllers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\obj\Debug\Blog.Controllers.dll
c:\Users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Blog\Blog.Controllers\obj\Debug\Blog.Controllers.pdb
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Blog.Controllers.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Blog.Controllers.pdb
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Blog.Repositories.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\DataModel.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Blog.Repositories.pdb
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\DataModel.pdb
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\obj\Debug\Blog.Controllers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\obj\Debug\Blog.Controllers.dll
C:\Repositoriy\flash\Blog\Blog.Controllers\obj\Debug\Blog.Controllers.pdb
